CONN-2503 C2C Cisco Meraki - Known Timeout Issue (#3051)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-meraki-source.md

```

> # Known Issues
> 1. The integration will return an error containing the text `context deadline exceeded (Client.Timeout or context cancellation while reading body)`. This error occurs when the integration is reading the HTTP body, but reaches our timeout which is current set to 10 minutes. We have observed this behavior across multiple customers when the integration is fetching data from the [Get Network Wireless Air Marshal](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!get-network-wireless-air-marshal) endpoint. Increasing the timeout does not appear to solve the issue as the network connection to this specific endpoint will occasionally never complete. Sumo Logic recommends customers contact Cisco Meraki support if they encounter this error.
> 1. Pagination has a rare occurrence to potentially return a small number duplicate logs. This issue has been reported to Cisco.
> 1. The Cisco Meraki API has a [rate limit](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-latest/#!rate-limit) of 10 API calls every second. The source can have a collection delay if your Meraki organization has thousands of networks with many product types. The Cisco Meraki API for collecting network events requires one API call per network, per product type. There are a total of 6 product types. The API also requires one API call per network for collecting wireless Air Marshal events. This means 2,000 networks can be around 14,000 API calls (2000*6+2000) to retrieve network events, assuming no pagination is needed. At the rate limit of 10 API calls per second, the quickest we could make API calls is around 24 mins. Occasionally, the Cisco Meraki API can take 1 to 2 seconds to respond, which adds to the time. To solve this issue, Cisco would need to raise the API rate limit or provide an API endpoint for collecting [network events](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!get-network-events) and [wireless Air Marshal](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!get-network-wireless-air-marshal) events, without the requirement to iterate over each network and product type individually.
> 1. Cisco Meraki network events API can return a maximum of 1000 events per request. So, integration will be able to process a maximum of 1000 events with the same timestamp. If there are more events than 1000 events with the same timestamp, it will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known Issues
* The integration will return an error containing the text `context deadline exceeded (Client.Timeout or context cancellation while reading body)`. This error occurs when the integration is reading the HTTP body, but reaches our timeout which is currently set to 10 minutes. We have observed this behavior across multiple customers when the integration is fetching data from the [Get Network Wireless Air Marshal](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!get-network-wireless-air-marshal) endpoint. Increasing the timeout does not appear to solve the issue as the network connection to this specific endpoint will occasionally never complete. Sumo Logic recommends customers contact Cisco Meraki support if they encounter this error.
* Pagination has a rare occurrence to potentially return a small number duplicate logs. This issue has been reported to Cisco.
* The Cisco Meraki API has a [rate limit](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-latest/#!rate-limit) of 10 API calls every second. The source can have a collection delay if your Meraki organization has thousands of networks with many product types. The Cisco Meraki API for collecting network events requires one API call per network, per product type. There are a total of 6 product types. The API also requires one API call per network for collecting wireless Air Marshal events. This means 2,000 networks can be around 14,000 API calls (2000*6+2000) to retrieve network events, assuming no pagination is needed. At the rate limit of 10 API calls per second, the quickest we could make API calls is around 24 mins. Occasionally, the Cisco Meraki API can take 1 to 2 seconds to respond, which adds to the time. To solve this issue, Cisco would need to raise the API rate limit or provide an API endpoint for collecting [network events](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!get-network-events) and [wireless Air Marshal](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!get-network-wireless-air-marshal) events, without the requirement to iterate over each network and product type individually.
* Cisco Meraki network events API can return a maximum of 1000 events per request. So, integration will be able to process a maximum of 1000 events with the same timestamp. If there are more events than 1000 events with the same timestamp, they will be skipped.
```
